#### What do I mean by the Wisdom of the Elders?

This can sound like a bitter or a grumpy old man but it ain't that. This is just a wise old head, according to itself at least, that sees the way this life calculatedly manipulates people all their days whilst keeping them naive to the fact they are being manipulated. You get short shrift for saying stuff like this but you have to ask yourself is truth and sanity more imporant to you than comfort and luxury? When you are older you can see that successive generations, in a lot of ways, re-learn the wheel. In other words, once you are older you can see the situation a young person is in and you could say to them, "I know exactly how that is going to work out for you because I was fitted up in the same way as you are being when I was young". In other words, what life has to do is it has to make your self worth conditional. People aren't conditioned to think of themselves "I am a top tier person regardless of my reputation or circumstances" they are conditioned to think "I am a top tier person if...". Once self worth is conditional (on, for example, the teacher's approval) then the person who's own self worth is conditional on external approval will bend over backwards to have their self worth confirmed by someone else because most people have the "desire to be seen as good and worthy" by others. The report card at the end of term when you are a school kid to make a judgement of you as worthy or not is replaced by the appraisal form of the workplace. In other words, we are people living through judgement day and haven't even realised we are living through judgement day and think of it as some future event. In other words, your self worth has been made conditional rather than implicit and the condition which is set on YOUR self worth is how pleasing you are to someone else like they are trying to usurp God by taking it upon themselves to mark you as worthy or not which is impossible because they don't have all the variables. It is through that "bending over backwards to be seen as good" that that person can be manipulated and exploited because "the mutant matrix" will use people's programmed desire for approval to maipulate them, "I will say you are 'good' if you work yourself to death" basically and even then I might not, so, if you want to be seen as "good" get your nose to the grind stone otherwise I will say wicked things about you. Anyway the point is it's so incideous, this manipulation, that if you are under 50 there's probably a good chance that you simply don't see it. Once you get to 50 you realise you have been played by life because it finally dawns on you that "a better tomorrow", "a brighter future", "suffer dry bread today and there will be jam for you tomorrow" was always a manipulation ruse, or, to put it another way, "life sold you an impossible carrot and you were the donkey chasing it but never reaching it all your days". It was in your chasing it that life exploited you for what it wanted out of you and the more you chased it the more you got exploited. In other words, when you finally sober up you realise that "all of your born days" have been spent being a hamster on the hamster wheel, running like hell and never actually getting anywhere.  

You think what I am saying sounds negative or defeatist but it isn't, it's reality. You might be thinking "my life is much better now than it was years ago" which means it can seem like there has been progression and progress. What I am telling you is that there hasn't. There is a saying about life, "same shit, different day" well what I am saying is even more radical than that which is "same shit different decade" and that that is the case shall be the whole of a human life. What makes it hard for you to see is that you are very emotional. In other words, if something "feels nice" you think it is good and progressive where as if something "feels like shit" you  think it is regressive and bad. However, some of the very best stuff in life comes with a really bad feeling. If someone says to me "I get a bad feeling about that" then I say, "that's good then". More people have been burnt by the stuff in life that makes them feel good and special than have been burnt by stuff that makes them feel like shit and humble.  

What I want to get to is a situation where "Elders" relay their life lessons to the youngsters. I would put it this way, during wiser times, various cultures would organise themselves such that the "Wisdom of the Elders" was a revered thing. These days, brash society looks on elders as some sort of doddery old fools which is a very nescient attitude. To put it simply, "young people are gonna learn some lessons" one way or another, and, there's two ways they can do it, the hard way and the easy (well let's be honest, easier, rather than easy) way. If they choose the hard way then in a lot of ways they will be relearning the wheel for themselves, but, if they listen to the elders then it's just possible that they might not have to relearn the wheel. A very simple piece of wisdom from an elder which a young person might not be able to see is this. You see workmen in orange coloured workgear (ostensibly it's orange for safety reason's because orange is bright colour and can be easily seen even in gloomy conditions) but what I say is something different which is this. "Life is treating you as an orange. In other words, using the tool of financial lack and your need to earn a crust, to squeeze you and extract the goodness from you like you squeeze an orange to extract juice". If an elder shows you this as a young person then you understand that the money system doesn't HAVE to pay you as little as it can; it pays you as little as it can in order to squeeze the goodness out of you in other words, exploitation. Squeezing the juice out of the young has always gone on. Once this becomes clear to you that you and everybody else is in an orange uniform as a victim of a money vice system and that people are being squeezed like an orange by a matrix of evil in order to extract their goodness then you understand, "I am full of juice when I am young and I am going to be put in a juicing matrix to have all the juice squeezed out of me and I will be discarded as dried up pith once my juice has been extracted and some other fresh orange will have been picked off the tree (born of woman in other words) to be juiced next". That is the modus operadi of countless people that have built the world you see around you today "another orange the juicing" could ne a way of referring to a new born. That's not a pleasant message but it is a realistic message and I can say for a fact that more harm was done to me in my life by being sold false promises and having to disabuse myself of them than was done at the times when I was told direct truths. Child abuse is telling children that their lives can be more than they can be...they can't and it often takes people up until the age of 50 or above to realise this so deeply programmed were they at school with the idea that they were going to be "someone special one day if they just worked hard enough". And so this "being something special" has a basic problem to it which is that its impossible it doesn't matter who you think you are or what your self image is or how much of an important man you think you are all of that is delusion all you will ever be to life itself is "just another dork to the juicing" and I don't say that about just you I say that about all of us. And that is honest it is true and it is direct. The guy that is abusing you is the guy that is telling you you are something special not the guy telling you the basic fact of "regular" is about as good as you will ever be mate. And so I don't underestimate how twisted all this is maybe people "love being juiced" so I ain't saying it should be any different this is just a rationalisation of what people experience in a way that makes sense of it.  

And so this is the kind of wisdom of the elders which can make young people much more difficult to manipulate because if someone is naive about the ways of the game they are much easier to manipulate and exploit then if they are wise to the game. What I would suggest that the elders have to offer is wisdom that only time can teach or at least time can teach and which can then be passed on. Not just me but a collective of elders is what I am looking for to impart their life lessons and experiences, most likely in written form. To my mind I can see how important this is and "the mutant matrix will hate it" because the matrix uses two tools to manipulate you, your naivety and you fear and if you can reduce either one then you are much less easy to manipulate. It's been more than 20 years I have been trying to get this started but everyone a bit older and wiser that I am approach to see if they want to contribute, I get the same response, I say, "mate you might not be able to see it but you have got a life time of experience how do you feel about sharing what you have learnt for the benefit of the youth?". The response is always "who the hell is going to be interested in what I have got to say, I ain't no celeb". And that's the whole point, there's endless celebs writing about their lives, but the man in the street has been conditioned to "shut up you are making too many waves" and so he believes (quite wrongly) that no one would be interested in his or her learned ways. I don't know who it was but it was someone in a position of power when he was discussing education or the education system in America, "I don't want free thinking men I want obedient productive men" and I ask you to look at the school system and ask yourself does the school system teach you to think or does the school system make you obedient and therefore exploitable (and what kind of hell are you going to have to suffer if you do want to think for yourself and pit yourself against the mutant matrix)? What is the mutant matrix? The mutant matrix is the matrix that is built on fear and the manipulation of fear where as a genuine system would be built on love which is "you be you whatever you is". And so you can listen to what is ostensibly the "Love of the Elders" or you can ignore it, but, by ignoring the love of the elders, it won't be the elders that are poorer (mostly they haven't got long to go anyway), but in your ignorance of their wisdom, you very well might be. You see when you are young its much more about you personally, "my career, my education, my fitness, my money, my partner" and so on but when you are older if you haven't done it by now the likelyhood is you won't be doing it at all and if you do it won't be as with such zest as in youth. Meaning that once you reach a certain age you get much of yourself worth from seeing others do well rather than yourself do well, so a natural general consequence of ageing is that people tend to become a lot more selfless than in youth sometimes living vicariously through the youth. This is not that but maybe you might want to pay attention to some of the things a life time of experience has taught people. "Yeah, but, mate, you can't put an old head on young shoulders", or, "making mistakes and being ignorant is the whole point you are robbing the youth of something by making them too wise too young". And so I understand all that, but, still I think its a valid activity to stump up some time wisened tenets for the perusal of any that are interested. 

In short form then here is what I am saying..."people spend their whole lives gaining experience and just as they gain enough experience to be wise to the game (in other words, they hit 50 or so), they are reaching the end of their days and all that wisdom gets binned when they die and another naive fool takes their place (a new born) and all that wisdom needs to be relearnt from zero point". And so this is what I call the "production line system" in other words, in old age you fall off the end of the conveyor and a new one (baby) is put on the beginning of the conveyor. And so this production line machine that we live in is terrified of young people being made wise to it because then they become like the sheep that no longer fears the sheep dog. What the hell is the sheep dog going to do with the sheep that aren't frightened of it any more and that is where the young people MIGHT need to be brought to, the understanding that if you fear this matrix you are playing into its hands because it is by way of your fearing it that it can use covert manipulation to manipulate you for its own ends in ways that you don't even realise and then spit you out like chewed tobacco. 

And so if you are an elder what I am imploring you to do is impart your wisdom in whatever way you choose, maybe by writing your life story (which could become a published book), or, a video you record about your life lessons and so on. By getting back to wiser ways, maybe the young ones can be saved from a lot of the troubles that have plagued us. If you do that I will link to your product from here and who knows, maybe, if you are short of the price of a pint you might get a few more quid in your twilight years as well if the young want to read about your experiences. When you achieve 'clear seeing' you can see what is truth and what is fiction. One of the fictions is that slavery has been abolished. It hasn't. This planet is still a slave camp and money is the whip that the slaves are whipped with. The terror of being brassic is the exact same terror that a beast of the field feels in regards to the cattle prod and so the terror of the metaphoric cattle prod of "being skint" is what keeps people productive. Always remember in a money matrix what you do is not what you are, musician, artist, potter, author and so on that's all irrelevant. What you are to the money matrix is a "unit of commerce". The money matrix couldn't care less what you do it only cares that you are financially viable and in that way priceless art commercial process which falls short of the bar. Ask yourself a simple set of question:

"Am I a slave being whipped using money?"  
"Deep down am I a willing slave honoured and happy to serve the world in any way I can without necessarily realising it?"  
"Is there any way to ever be free of slavery in this world other than by death itself?"  
"If I am slave is it perhaps only possible to see that I am slave once I am freed?"  
"If I am freed will I simply be enslaved to a commensurate extent by an alternative circumstance that I perhaps will be even less keen on than my current mode of subjugation?"  
"In other words, slavery is tough going, but, do I need to be aware that the grass isnt' always greener and life is very often 'out of the frying pan and into the fire'?"  

Using stuff like that maybe together we can create an Elder's protocol and in so doing bring about a wisdom restoration to a world that has become very clever but very naive also. People think they live in 3D but what I say is that they don't they live in 1D. 1D works like this, "does it make me money for doing nowt", "OK, I am interested". "Does it cost me money for getting nowt?" "OK I am not interested". This is a one dimensional society now and if you are prepared to live in 1D, go for it, but some of us want a vision which is beyond the bottom line. 

